# CMPE295
Masters-Project

  Accessing information, which was once considered a strenuous job has now become effortless. This was made possible with the evolution of World Wide Web efficiently running on servers. A Web Server’s main task is to bridge the gap between the user and the data. The transfer of requested data from a web page or any web application mainly depends on two factors: Internet traffic and web server residing on a host machine. The more responsive a web server is, the more quickly it can return the requested results to the user which is basically effective handling of internet traffic.

  The ease of handling internet traffic mainly relies on tuning the parameters of a web server to optimal values. Since a server can host multiple applications or web pages which have their own profiles, it is challenging to manually configure these parameters. Many previous studies revealed that more than 50% root causes of Internet service outages were due to system misconfiguration caused by operator mistakes. So it is very crucial to configure the web server with optimal values. 
  
  In this project, the main idea is to implement an algorithm based on deep reinforcement learning to automate the web server configuration. Reinforcement Learning is a promising mode which makes decisions based on the output of previous states. The combination of this model with a neural network further enhances its learning power which is a much more efficient approach for handling dynamic decision-making problems. So We plan on implementing a Deep-Q Network model on an apache server hosted on a virtual machine environment having different workloads to find the optimal parameters of the web server.
